What do you care about? Animals
What do you know about? A fair amount about cats and dogs but I can easily do research on other types.
What decisions do you face? A lot of decisions? This topic can range from fun, clothing, and ownership. 


Seven templates
Training Kit (https://learn.lambdaschool.com/ds/module/recedjanlbpqxic2r) explains the seven templates from Priceonomics.
Can you apply the templates to your topics? Yes
Geographic Variation Types of pets most likely for native populations to have.
Trend related to the news National puppy day
Who does that? People of all races, creeds, religions, etc.
Answering a question people care about Are cat owners more likely to have mental disorders?
Valuable to businesses Can assist Petco in analyzing data.
What's the most popular? Most popular pet in the world?
Cost/Money rankings Most expensive dog breed?
Misconceptions
What misconceptions do people have about your topic? Maybe not knowing what certain types of animals there are in the rainforest.

Examples
What data storytelling example inspires you? What are the most “adoptable” dogs and cats, respectively from the thinkful site.
Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question? Yes, could add new features such as size of eyes, etc.
Could you do a new question, for the same topic? Yes, are there factors that make a dog and cat unadoptable?
Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"? Yes

Data
Where could you search for data about your topic? https://catalog.data.gov/dataset?tags=animalshttps://data.world/datasets/animals

Assignment!
Fill out the above template twice, for two different ideas.
Then compare and contrast and select one as the idea you're leaning towards working on for your project week.
If I had to select one I think I would stick with animals. I slightly know more about animals than I know about the ocean.


What do you care about? Finance
What do you know about? Graduated with an accounting degree back in 2013
What decisions do you face? A lot of decisions? This topic can range from auditing, taxes, and consulting.
Can you apply the templates to your topics? Yes
Geographic Variation How taxes are different internationally
Trend related to the news How crypto is changing the world
Who does that? Accountants.
Answering a question people care about How to select a tech career with an accounting background
Valuable to businesses Can help people save money
What’s the most popular Highest pay rate per state for tech accountants
Cost/Money rankings Most expensive firms to audit
Misconceptions That taxes/school is unnecessary nowadays

What misconceptions do people have about your topic?
To just study for the CPA

Examples
What data storytelling example inspires you? https://www.anecdote.com/2017/08/accountants-harness-power-of-storytelling/
Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question? The article suggests accountants can use data to tell stories
Could you do a new question, for the same topic? Yes
Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"? Yes

Data
Where could you search for data about your topic? 
	census.gov

